Jordan nash fix intro md (#27593)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/data/ef-mvc/intro.md

* If you're new to ASP.NET Core MVC, go through the [Get started with ASP.NET Core MVC](xref:tutorials/first-mvc-app/start-mvc) tutorial series before starting this one.

[!INCLUDE[VS prereqs](~/includes/net-prereqs-vs-6.0.md)]

* Please advise that the .NET 6 & 7 NRTs [(nullable reference types)](https://learn.microsoft.com/ef/core/miscellaneous/nullable-reference-types ) is enabled by default. Problems can happen where we're not creating navigation property elements which would be required for object creation. We will touch on how to fix this soon and will patch this in future documentation.

* .NET 6 by default has the `asp-validation-summary` helper tag set to `ModelOnly` which prevents notifying us of problems like the one we described with NRTs. We will show how to correct that in this tutorial but you can ignore it by disabling NRTs which we will touch on, in this page. 

> * You want to try and use the minimal hosting model generated in .NET 6 though it is not mandatory, it unifies Program.cs and.

Author: What you mean by revert changes? You mean I commit your suggestion? I’m confused. Am I supposed to hold off?

> * You want to try and use the minimal hosting model generated in .NET 6 though it is not mandatory, it unifies Program.cs and.

Reviewer: >You mean I commit your suggestion?

Yes, and those additions to the Prerequisites section would be the only changes we make at this time in this PR, so the changes outside of the Prerequisites section would need to be undone. The problem is we can't just update one tutorial -- they all have to be updated at the same time, as each successive tutorial in the series builds on what was done in the preceding ones. That's why all we're prepared to accept now is an update to the intro page warning that the tutorial series is not yet updated for .NET 6 or 7.

As [suggested by Rick-Anderson](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/pull/27440#issuecomment-1306648126), at some later date we will be ready to work on updating this tutorial series, and we'll be able to take more contributions then.

[!INCLUDE [RP better than MVC](~/includes/RP-EF/rp-over-mvc.md)]

The Contoso University sample web application demonstrates how to create ASP.NET Core 6.0 MVC web applications using Entity Framework (EF) Core 6.0.9 and Visual Studio 2022 or 2022.

This tutorial has not been updated for ASP.NET Core 3.1. It has been updated for [ASP.NET Core 5.0](xref:data/ef-mvc/intro?view=aspnetcore-5.0&preserve-view=true).

The sample application is a web site for a fictional Contoso University. It includes functionality such as student admission, course creation, and instructor assignments. This is the first in a series of tutorials that explain how to build the Contoso University sample application from scratch.

## Prerequisites

> * [.NET Core SDK 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
> * [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=learn.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+vs2022) with the following workloads:

Reviewer: This is in the moniker section for earlier than 3.1, so it can't be updated to .NET 6 / VS2022.

```suggestion
* [.NET Core SDK 2.2](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
* [Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=learn.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+vs2019) with the following workloads:
```

[!INCLUDE [RP better than MVC](~/includes/RP-EF/rp-over-mvc.md)]

> The Contoso University sample web application demonstrates how to create ASP.NET Core 6.0 MVC web applications using Entity Framework (EF) Core 6.0.9 and Visual Studio 2022 or 2022.

Reviewer: This is in the moniker section for earlier than 3.1, so it can't be updated to .NET 6 / VS2022.

```suggestion
The Contoso University sample web application demonstrates how to create ASP.NET Core 2.2 MVC web applications using Entity Framework (EF) Core 2.2 and Visual Studio 2019.
```
